Keycloak is great, but you still have to install it,
maintain it, support it, keep it updated,
and keep it secure.
There is a third option where you can outsource your identity
management completely to a third party.
There are many out there to choose from.
Two popular ones are Okta and Autho0.
Their expert security teams look after everything for you.
They support OpenID Connect, OAuth2,
and they have a lot of guides to help you set up.
So it's definitely worth considering.
There is a course in the Pluralsight library,
Build Your First Web App with Spring Boot and Angular,
that has a module where it sets up and uses it as an identity provider.
So check it out if you're interested.
Let's recap what we have achieved so far.
Our application is in a much better state.
All the authentication functionality and code have been
moved into the authorization server.
Our application is now only an OpenID Connect client with one provider,
Keycloak.
Keycloak will now handle all the user registration,
social sign-in, and the account management.
And we can easily switch between any authentication provider.
Now in the next module,
we're going to take a look at how Spring Security OAuth2 supports public clients.